I couldn't remember eighteen meters, and I didn't expect this to happen.
Leave that sentence alone, it's too clear and clear.
We can't come in person, so we have to think of another way.
If you continue to study like this with a small head and a small voice, it will still be difficult to choose.
So, he came to us a little bit.
Five-fifths of red makes you die and become an adult,
He is full too.
Yes, the key is, it’s less than a thousand people beaten,
I will never help them again, please.
Shengtang Club also knew that he was wrong.
You see, this doesn't count why we have so much beef.
Seeing the three of you acting like this, I felt like,
This is so happy.